docs(refactor): updates the cruise control rebalance concepts (#10810)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/cruise-control/assembly-cruise-control-concepts.adoc

[id='cruise-control-concepts-{context}']
= Using Cruise Control for cluster rebalancing

[role="_abstract"]

> Cruise Control is an open-source system for Kafka that monitors broker loads and rebalances partitions to optimize use of resources across the cluster.

Reviewer: I see we use the word  "system" in the original doc before these changes but is it the correct word? Wouldn't "application" be a better fit here?
```suggestion
Cruise Control is an open-source application designed to run alongside Kafka to help optimize use of cluster resources by:
* Monitoring cluster workload
* Rebalancing partitions based on predefined constraints
```

> Rebalances help with running a more balanced Kafka cluster that uses brokers more efficiently.

Reviewer: Since we use Cruise Control for more than just rebalances, for example topic replication factor changes, I would suggest we keep the original line here

```suggestion
The operations help with running a more balanced Kafka cluster that uses broker pods more efficiently.
```
